c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\FastCodeinxSIMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\akhese\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\FastCodeinxSIMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\SIMS.Entities.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\SIMS.Entities.pdb
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\SIMS.Repositories.dll
D:\Amit_Personal\MyProjects\FastCodeinxSIMS\FastCodeinxSIMS\bin\SIMS.Repositories.pdb
